feat: CHARTS-7418 Add embedding examples for realm-web package (#70)
mongodb-js/charts-embed-sdk: examples/charts/authenticated-realm-web/README.md

> 

Reviewer: I think the link on line 7 be changed to `...realm-web` too

Author: good catch! You're a life saver 😄

> Charts can be embedded either using a simple IFRAME snippet, or by using the Charts Embedding SDK from your JavaScript code. When using the SDK, embedded charts can be either unauthenticated (meaning anyone who has the embed code can view the chart), or authenticated (whereby the user can only view the chart if they have an active authentication session linked to a Charts authentication provider).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Charts can be embedded either using a simple IFRAME snippet, or by using the Charts Embedding SDK from your JavaScript code. When using the SDK, embedded charts can be either unauthenticated (meaning anyone who has access to the page where the chart is embedded can view the chart), or authenticated (whereby the user can only view the chart if they have an active authentication session linked to a Charts authentication provider).
```

## Prepare MongoDB Charts

This sample is preconfigured to render a specific chart. You can run the sample as-is, or you can modify it to render your own chart by completing the following steps:

### Create chart to embed

1. Log onto MongoDB Charts

2. If you haven't done so already, create a chart you would like to embed on any dashboard.

### Enable data source for authenticated access

3. Go to the Data Sources tab found on the side panel.

4. Find the data source that you want to use on the chart by selecting the deployment, database and collection. Once found, click on the Manage button in the Data access section to access the Data source management page.

5. Make sure the "External users can view data in this data source" option is toggled on and "Allow authenticated data access" has been selected.

### Enable chart for embedded access

6. Go to the Dashboards tab on the left navigation column, and select the dashboard that contains the chart you wish to embed.

7. Find the chart you want to embed, click the **...** menu and select **Embed chart**

> 8. Ensure the Unauthenticated tab is selected and turn on '**Enable Authenticated access**'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Ensure the Authenticated tab is selected and turn on '**Enable authenticated access**'
```
